chore: add more label-actions for bugs (#29931)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/bug-handling.md

## Discussion Resolution

Bug reports can be resolved in one of three ways:

1. Confirmed as a bug. The Discussion will be converted to an issue an issue and then closed, so that any future comments go to the Issue and not the Discussion.
2. Rejected as "behaving as designed" with no further action needed. The Discussion will be closed with a relevant note.
3. Rejected as not a bug, but accepted as a feature request. The Discussion will be closed with a note suggesting that the poster create a new "Suggest an Idea" Discussion instead, which can then be converted to an Issue once actionable.

## FAQ

### What's your definition of bug?

A bug is classified as behavior in Renovate which is not as intended or documented.
Missing functionality or incomplete support is not automatically a bug.
For example, there's probably at least one feature of every package manager which is missing, and if we classified them all as "bugs" then the meaning of real bugs would be lost.

### Why can't I create Bug Issues directly?

> Users have proven themselves to be poor judges of when something is a bug or not. Only a fraction of bug reports are actually bugs, and the remainder once used to pollute the repo issues, making it worse for maintainers and users alike to know what's "really" going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is really hard for users to decide if something is a bug.
Only a fraction of the incoming bug reports are for things we consider proper bugs.

A while ago, users were allowed to create Bug Issues.
We ended up with many "bug, but not really" type issues, that polluted the repository.
Those issues made it tricky for maintainers and users to see what's really going on in the repository.
We have since closed many old user-created bug Issues, and now only allow maintainers to create bug Issues.
This way we do not end up in the same situation again.
```

Simplify a bit, and add more context to the "history bit". And explain that because it was messy before, we now only create Issues ourselves.

### What if I disagree with your definition of bug?

> We're not interesting in debating you - we prefer to spend our time helping users solve their problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are not interested in debating you, we prefer to spend our time helping users solve their problems.
```

> We don't mind evolving our approach or improvements to this document, but if you wholesale disagree with us on this (e.g. "how dare you block users from creating issues" or "if the behavior was unexpected to me then that means it's a bug") then you're better to keep the opinion to yourself or find a different project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are open to improve our approach to bugs, or this document, in good spirit.
Please do _not_ post comments like these:

- "How dare you block users from creating Issues?!"
- "If the behavior was unexpected to me then that means it's a bug."

```

I dropped the "or find a different project" concept from this suggestion, as it's too passive aggressive. The ban warning below can stay, as that is a warranted warning.

> Users who want to make our life difficult as maintainers will be [blocked](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who want to make our life difficult as maintainers will be blocked.
Read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to learn more.
```

### Why do you close Bug discussions?

> It's important to move relevant reports to the next step of an Issue, and focus attention there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to move relevant reports to the next step of an Issue, and focus our attention there.
```

> For those which aren't eligible to become an issue, it's important to mark them as "not a bug" for the benefit of future users browsing or searching the repo for similar terms, to reduce the chance of them getting confused by invalid Bug reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug reports that are not (going to be) an Issue, are marked as "not a bug".
This helps future users who browse or search the repository for similar terms, as they will not see any invalid Bug reports.
```

> No one forces you to "report a bug", just like nobody forces you to "report a crime" to the police.
> If you're unsure, ask a question, instead of creating an accusation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not sure if you have an _actual_ bug to report, please use the "Request Help" Discussion category.
```

The nobody forces you to report a bug bit feels bad to me. I think we can put our point positively.

### When will you fix my bug?

> There are no SLAs in Open Source.
> See our [Code of Conduct section on how we prioritize work](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#how-we-prioritize-work).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no Service Level Agreements (SLAs) in Open Source.
This means we are not required to respond to, or fix your problem within a certain time.

If you are a paying Mend.io customer, please tell your support or customer contact that this bug is important to you.

Please read our [Code of Conduct, how we prioritize work](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#how-we-prioritize-work) to learn more.
```

I think a short sentence explaining the idea that we're not required to respond within a certain time is good here.

The bit about where paying customers can go from the bot comment seems good to have in a modified form here too.

And I cleaned up the link sentence a bit.
